Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.7 release notes
-------------------------------------------
23.12.2017

Version updates and fixes:

* If user selects only one video source when creating new sandbox, then it will be put automatically into
  the single cell on the view configuration page.

Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.8
    ~ Added "Objects Thinning" plug-in, which makes objects thinner by removing specified amount of their edges.
      The idea is similar to "Erosion" morphology operator, however objects thinning plug-in operates on
      distance transformation and so its performance does not depend on the thinning amount.
    ~ Added "Objects Thickening" plug-in, which grows objects by the specified amount. Idea is similar to
      "Dilatation" morphology, but implemented using distance transformation.
    ~ Added "Objects Edges" plug-in, which uses distance transformation in order to keep specified amount of
      objects' edge pixels.
    ~ Added "Objects Outline" plug-in, which uses distance transformation in order to create outline of objects.
      It is similar to "Objects Edges", but outline is around object, not part of it.

* Blobs' Processing 1.0.4
    ~ Added "Filter Circle Blobs" plug-in, which allows keeping objects having circle shape and remove
      anything else. It does allow filtering by size - minimum/maximum radius. For each found circle,
      its center and radius are provided.

    ~ Added "Filter Quadrilateral Blobs" plug-in, which allows keeping objects having quadrilateral shape
      (having 4 corners) and remove anything else. It does provide setting to look for rectangles or
      squares. For each found quadrilateral, coordinates of its corners are provided.

    ~ Deprecated the "Find Blobs By Size" plug-in. "Filter Blobs By Size" plug-in must be used instead,
      specifying it needs only to find blobs, not do the actual filtering.

* FFmpeg Based Video Sources 1.0.2
    ~ Fixed video decoding in the "Video File" plug-in, which could result in infinite loop on some video files
      and no video coming from them.
    ~ Fixed "Video File" plug-in so it reports "End of file reached", when same is reported by FFmpeg library.
      The issue was happening only on some video files, where "IO failure" was reported instead of "End of file".

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.6
    ~ API revision (SCRIPTING_API_REVISION variable) is raised to 7.
    ~ Added support for Point plug-in property type with real numbers.
    ~ Fixed setting of negative integers from script into the running host (Host.SetVariable()).


New modules added into the package:

Glyphs Recognition and Tracking 1.0.0
    ~ The module for now contains only one plug-in, which detects square binary
      glyphs in images (Glyph Detector). It does provide code string for each
      detected glyph, so some recognition logic can be done via scripting.

* Bar Codes Detection and Recognition 1.0.0
    ~  The module for now contains only one plug-in, which detects 1D liner bar codes (Bar Code Detector).



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.6 release notes
-------------------------------------------
11.10.2017

Version updates and fixes:

* Minor performance improvements by using SSE instructions for converting cameras' images
  before the get displayed.
* Added option to prevent system from going to sleep or switching on screen saver while
  camera/sandbox is running.

Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* FFmpeg Based Video Writing 1.0.1
    ~ Fixed Video File Writer plug-in, so it has correct property dependencies, which don't
      lead to application crash when configuring the plug-in.

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.7
    ~ Minor performance improvements by using SSE instructions for Grayscale, Threshold and
      Otsu Threshold plug-ins.
    ~ Fixed edge hysteresis in Canny Edged Detector plug-in, so it uses temporary edge image
      while calculating final edges.
    ~ Added Erode Edges plug-in, which can be used to remove horizontal/vertical lines.
    ~ Added Run Length Smoothing plug-in to fill horizontal/vertical gaps between objects.

* Blobs' Processing 1.0.3
    ~ Fixed core blob processing routine, so it does not disjoin parts of a single object due
      to broken labelling algorithm.

* DirectShow Video Sources 1.1.1
    ~ Minor performance improvements by using SSE instructions for BGR to RGB conversion.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.5 release notes
-------------------------------------------
03.08.2017

Version updates and fixes:

* Do not warn users about changed plug-in's settings in Video Processing Information dialog,
  if in the end he goes back to original value.
* Added label to application's status bar to indicate up-time of a running camera/sandbox.
* Added an option in Selected Devices page of sandbox editing to disable FPS report for some
  video sources, which user may not be interested to see in the overall FPS rate. This can
  be the case with video repeater plug-ins, for example, which represent a virtual video
  source aimed to split video processing into multiple threads. In such cases, user may only
  be interested in FPS rate of the main video source, rather then summary rate of all processing
  threads. Individual frame rate of each device still can be seen in Camera Information dialog;
  it is just not taken into account for calculating overall FPS of a sandbox.
* Added user interface to change run time properties of video sources, which support those.
  For example, some cameras may provide properties like brightness, contrast, saturation, etc.,
  which can be changed while camera is running. This interface is accessible from camera's
  context menu, available when camera or sandbox is running (the option is shown only if supported
  by the video source plug-in). Run time configuration can be saved in project object, so the
  next time it starts the settings are preserved.

Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Switched to using libjpeg-turbo instead of libjpeg, since it provides better performance.
  So now playing cameras which generate JPEGs or MJPEG streams (like IP cameras, for example),
  result in lower CPU load.

* DirectShow Video Sources 1.1.0
    ~ Allow overriding frame rate of Local Capture Device video source plug-in, if those support
      range of frame rates for the selected video resolution. Although it is now supported, don't
      expect every possible frame rate to work. First, the are funny cameras/drivers. Second, the
      DirectShow API to get supported frame rates has certain limitations. For example, some drivers
      may claim they support frame rates in the [1-30] range and they really respect it - they can
      provide images at the rate set. Other cameras, may claim they support frame rates in the
      [15-30] range, but they will only work either at 15 or 30 rate, nothing in between. And there
      are other drivers, which say they can do up to 100 frames a second, but they can never do anything
      more than 30.
    ~ Added run time properties for Local Capture Device video source plug-in, which allow changing
      camera's properties like brightness, contrast, saturation, etc. (if the camera driver supports
      those properties).

* CVSandbox Virtual Camera 1.1.0
    ~ Instead of supporting single 640x480 resolution with 15 FPS rate, the virtual
      camera now supports number of different resolutions: 160x120, 320x240, 480x360,
      640x480, 800x600, 1200x900, 1280x720, 1800x1350, 1920x1080. All resolutions
      support frame rate from 1 to 30 frames a seconds, with default set to 30.
    ~ Arbitrary size images are allowed to be pushed into the virtual camera
      (2000x1500 is the maximum though) - they will be resized automatically to the
      size requested by a client when starting the camera.
    ~ In addition to the 32-bit build of the COM DLL, a 64-bit build is provided, so
      the virtual camera is available from 64-bit applications as well.
      Run provided "regsvr.bat" to register 64-bit version in the system.

* CVSandbox Virtual Camera Push Plug-in 1.1.0
    ~ Updated the push plug-in to support 1.1.0 version of CVSandbox Virtual Camera, which now
      supports multiple resolutions. The push plug-in only does color conversion if necessary, but
      leaves any required resizing to the virtual camera. Images larger than 2000x1500 are rejected.

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.5
    ~ API revision (SCRIPTING_API_REVISION variable) is raised to 6.
    ~ Added Host::GetVideoSource() API, which allows getting object of the video source for
      which a script is running. This allows changing run time properties of a video source
      from the script, which is set to perform image processing for the video source.

* JPEG/MJPEG Video Sources 1.0.3
    ~ JPEG/MJPEG video sources now report server's response message when getting HTTP error.
      So instead of saying something like "HTTP response code: 500", they also add the text
      response if it was provided, which may explain more about the failure reason.
    ~ Updated JPEG/MJPEG video sources to say "Connection failed" instead of "HTTP response code: 0".

* Image Folder Video Sources 1.0.1
    ~ Fixed year and month parts of file name formatting in Image Folder Writer plug-in.


New modules added into the package:

* Raspberry Pi Plug-ins 1.0.0
    ~ Provides "Raspberry Pi Camera" plug-in, which allows accessing Pi's camera in the
      case it runs cam2web application. https://github.com/cvsandbox/cam2web



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.4 release notes
-------------------------------------------
07.03.2017

Version updates and fixes:

* Updated Video Processing Info dialog, so it allows editing properties of image processing filter plug-ins
  at run time and then update sandbox object, so changes persist.
* Reworked start of video sources. Now plug-ins of a video processing graph are created and initialized before
  video source is started, to make sure the graph is ready by the time video source starts providing video frames.
* Extended plug-ins' property editor to provide custom editors for morphology structuring elements and
  convolution kernels.
* Fixed an issue of taking snapshot for a video source, which has a video processing graph set for it. Now
  the snapshot will provide the final result of the video processing graph, but not the random intermediate.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.6
    ~ Added "Morphology Operator" plug-in, which allows to perform Erosion, Dilatation, Opening, Closing,
      Top Hat and Bottom Hat operators, using custom specified structuring element.
    ~ Added "Hit and Miss" plug-in, which provides the hit-and-miss morphology operator.
    ~ Added "Convolution" plug-in, which allows to perform image convolution using custom specified kernel.
    ~ Added "Gaussian Blur" and "Gaussian Sharpen" plug-ins to perform image blurring/sharpening using
      Gaussian kernel of the specified size and standard deviation.
    ~ Renamed "Difference Edge Detector" plug-in into "Edge Detector". It now provides few different edge
      detection modes: Difference, Homogeneity and Sobel.
    ~ Added "Canny Edge Detector" plug-in, which does edge detection using the Canny algorithm.
    ~ Added "Gray World Normalization" plug-in, which does image color normalization using the Gray World
      algorithm.
    ~ Added "Mean Shift" image processing filter plug-in, which calculates mean value of pixels in a window
      of the specified size, but taking only pixels which satisfy the specified color distance criteria.

* Blobs' Processing 1.0.2
    ~ Fixed core blob processing routine, which could stuck in an endless loop on certain images.

* Image Processing Tools 1.0.3
    ~ Added "Color Dodge" and "Color Burn" blending modes to the "Blend Images" plug-in.

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.4
    ~ Scripting engine fixes:
      # API revision (SCRIPTING_API_REVISION variable) is raised to 5.
      # Added support for plug-in's properties of 2D array type. Those are represented as "jagged table"
        in Lua - table of tables, where all sub-tables must be of the same length.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.3 release notes
-------------------------------------------
13.10.2016

Version updates and fixes:

* Added option allowing to take snapshot of a running video source (available from context menu of video
  player). When snapshot is taken, a window is provided, which allows to perform some analysis of it:
  check RGB histograms, check pixels' values in RGB, nRGB, HSL or HSV color spaces. The snapshot can
  be saved as image file or put into a system's clipboard.
* Added searching option into scripts' editor.
* Added identifiers highlighting in scripts' editor.
* When scripts' editor is opened from application's main menu, it can be minimized and is not a top most
  window, which helps switching between application's main window and scripts' editor during script's
  testing/debugging.
* List of favourite plug-ins is saved into app.ini together with other settings instead of using
  separate favourites.txt file.
* Plug-ins' properties editor is extended to provide Hue Picker dialog for properties, which represent
  hue value or hue ranges.
* Application should report now its own CPU usage in status bar when camera or sandbox is running
  instead of reporting total system's CPU load.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.5
    ~ Updated "Mask Image" plug-in, so it provides two modes of masking: fill source image when mask values
      are zeros or fill it when non-zeros. If a mask image is aimed to separate objects from background,
      for example, then both parts (objects and background) can be extracted using the same mask (no longer
      required to invert it).
    ~ Added "Color Channels Filter" plug-in, which performs filtering of RGB channels.
    ~ Added "HSL Color Filter" plug-in, which filters pixels in HSL color space.
    ~ Added "HSV Color Filter" plug-in, which does pixels' filtering in HSV color space.
    ~ Added "Distance Color Filter" plug-in, which does Euclidean and Manhattan distance color filtering.

* Image Processing Tools 1.0.2
    ~ Added new functions into "Image Drawing" plug-in: FillFrame, FillRing, FillPie and FillConvexPolygon.

* Blobs' Processing 1.0.1
    ~ Updated "Find Biggest Blob" plug-in, so it allows also searching for background areas (holes) as well.
      This allows to find the biggest background area, which is not touching image edges (a hole in an object).
      Previously it would be required to invert objects' image for that.
    ~ Added "Find Blobs By Size" plug-in, which is similar to "Filter Blobs By Size", but does only blobs' searching
      (image is not changed).

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.3
    ~ Scripting engine fixes:
      # API revision (SCRIPTING_API_REVISION variable) is raised to 4.
      # The scripting engine is changed to avoid implicit conversion of floating point numbers to
        integers. If a plug-in's property or function expects an integer value, then such must be provided.
        It is user's responsibility to use math.floor() when needed.

* JPEG/MJPEG Video Sources 1.0.2
    ~ The "JPEG Folder Video Source" plug-in is moved from this module into vs_image_folder.


New modules added into the package:

* Image Folder Video Sources 1.0.0
    ~ Provides "Image Folder Video Source" plug-in, which is an improved version of "JPEG Folder Video Source"
      plug-in. The old plug-in was taken from "vs_mjpeg" module and extended to support both JPEG and PNG images.
      Also it provides a new "Image Folder Writer" plug-in, which writes images into the specified folder at the
      specified time intervals (supports JPEG and PNG codec). This may allow creating time lapse images, for example.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.2 release notes
-------------------------------------------
03.07.2016

Version updates and fixes:

* Made scripting editor available from application's main menu. Opens as a mode-less window and so simplifies
  quick testing of scripts' changes.
* Added option of renaming video processing steps in sandbox wizard, so they could have more meaningful names.
  This becomes handy if same plug-in is added several times into a graph for different purposes.
* Updated plug-ins' help system, so it also allows browsing available modules.
* Extended plug-ins' help system, so it provides links from plug-in's description to corresponding module's description.
* Resize video source player if video size has changed (for the case if video source may change size of provided
  frames). This is only available for single camera view, not sandbox view, where cell size is preconfigured and fixed.
* Fixed video processing information form, so it correctly reports if frames are being delayed or dropped by the
  video processing graph.
* Added list of recently opened script files in scripts' editor.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.4
    ~ Added "Shift Image" plug-in, which allows shifting images by the specified number of pixels.
    ~ Added "Extract Quadrilateral" plug-in, which allows extraction quadrilateral image specified by
      coordinates of 4 corners from a source image.
    ~ Added "Embed Quadrilateral" plug-in, which allows putting specified image into quadrilateral of
      the target image.
    ~ Added "Image Statistics" plug-in, which allows calculating RGB histograms for color images and
      intensity histogram for grayscale images. Also calculates statistical values like Minimum, Maximum,
      Mean and Standard Deviation.
    ~ Enabled and described "Level Linear" an "Level Linear Grayscale" plug-ins, which allow performing
      linear correction of RGB channels for color images and intensities for grayscale image.
    ~ Enabled and described next two source image processing filter plug-ins: "Add Images", "Subtract Images",
      "Intersect Images" (minimum of two images), "Merge Images" (maximum of two images).
    ~ Enabled and described "Diff Images" two source image processing filter plug-in, which calculates
      absolute difference between two images.
    ~ Added "Diff Images Thresholded" two source image processing filter plug-in, which calculates thresholded
      absolute difference between two images.
    ~ Enabled and described "Extract RGB Channel" and "Extract nRGB Channel" plug-ins, which extract specified
      RGB/nRGB channel from a color image and provide it as a grayscale image.
    ~ Added "Replace RGB Channel" plug-in, which allows replacing specified RGB channel with a specified
      grayscale image.
    ~ Added "Mask Image" plug-in, which sets pixels of a source image to the specified fill color if corresponding
      pixels of a mask image are equal to 0.

* Image Processing Tools 1.0.1
    ~ Added "Put Image" plug-in, which can be used to put up to 5 lines of text on an image at
      the specified coordinates or in image's corners.
    ~ Added "Image Drawing" plug-in of Scripting APIs type (can be used only from scripting). It exposes different
      functions to draw on images (through CallFunction() call):
          DrawLine, DrawRectangle, DrawCircle, DrawEllipse, DrawText, DrawImage,
          FillRectangle, FillCircle, FillEllipse.
    ~ Enabled "Blend Images" plug-in, which blends source image with another image of the same size/format. Supported
      blend modes are: Multiple, Screen and Overlay.
    ~ Enabled "Fade Images" plug-in, which fades one image into another creating transition effect.
    ~ Added "Move Towards Images" plug-in, which changes one image in the direction of anther - decreases difference
      by the specified amount.

* JPEG Format Handler 1.0.1
    ~ Updated JPEG loading plug-in so it respects orientation EXIF tag and transforms images appropriately when loading.

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.2
    ~ Scripting engine fixes:
      # API revision (SCRIPTING_API_REVISION variable) is raised to 3.
      # Added support for array type properties. Plug-in API allow as getting/setting entire array using
        GetProperty( propertyName ) and SetProperty( propertyName, value ), as getting/setting individual
        values using GetProperty( propertyName, index ) and SetProperty( propertyName, index, value ).
      # Added support for point and size property types, which are represented as Lua arrays with 2 values.
      # Added APIs to store variables at host side:
        Host.GetVariable( variableName ) and Host.SetVariable( variableName, value ). The APIs allow
        storing variables of Lua scalar types, arrays (not tables with arbitrary indexing) and image objects.
      # Extended plug-in's interface with new CallFunction() API, which allows calling arbitrary functions
        exposed by a plug-in.
      # Added support for image processing plug-ins. Unlike image processing filter plug-in, this new type is
        for image processing routines which don't change image at all. Only for processing images with the aim
        to calculate some values, which are then accessible as read-only properties.
      # Added support for 2 source image processing filter plug-ins. These plug-ins operate with two image to
        perform their task. For example, adding images, subtracting images, intersection (min), merge (max), etc.
      # Fixed error reporting when using ExportImage() method of image exporting plug-ins.
      # Fixed Lua scripting engine, which was badly creating instances of some plug-ins, causing crashes on various
        APIs for different plug-in types: IsPixelFormatSupported(), GetOutputPixelFormat(), GetSecondImageSupportedSize(),
        GetSecondImageSupportedFormat(), SupportedExtensions(), SupportedPixelFormats().

    ~ Lua Scripting plug-in fixes:
      # Updated plug-in to support variables storage at host.
      # Updated plug-in's description, so it tells about latest added APIs and new plug-in types' interfaces.

* DirectShow Video Sources 1.0.1
    ~ Disabled resolutions with 12 bits per pixel and less - the "Local Capture Device" plug-in fails capturing
      those anyway for now.

* FFmpeg Based Video Sources 1.0.1
    ~ Added "Video File" plug-in, which is a video source for playing video files. Only video is provided.

* JPEG/MJPEG Video Sources 1.0.1
    ~ Added "JPEG Folder Video Source" plug-in, which is a video source for providing JPEG images from
      a specified folder. It can play found images once or repeat them in an end-less loop.


New modules added into the package:

* Blobs' Processing 1.0.0
    ~ "Keep Biggest Blob" - Keeps only the biggest blob in the image while removing the rest.
    ~ "Find Biggest Blob" - Finds the biggest blob in the image. Similar to the above, but this plug-in
      does not do any changes to the provided image - only finds coordinates of the biggest blob.
    ~ "Filter Blobs By Size" - Keeps only the blobs within the specified size limits.
    ~ "Fill Holes" - Fills holes in objects found in the specified image.

* Video Repeater Plug-ins 1.0.0
    ~ Provides two plug-ins, which are aimed for building video repeating chains.
      The "Video Repeater" plug-in is a video source, which does not provide any video frames until
      something is pushed into them using "Video Repeater Push" plug-in.

* Screen Capture Plug-ins 1.0.0
    ~ Provides a video source plug-in, which produces frames generated by capturing system's screen.
      It can capture either entire screen (allows to specify which one on systems with multiple
      displays), a certain rectangular area or a specified window.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.1 release notes
-------------------------------------------
19.02.2016

Version updates and fixes:

* When showing context menu in script editor above a string containing known plug-in name,
  it provides an option to get help for that plug-in directly from the editor.
* Sandbox settings are extended to provide an option, which allows dropping video frames if video processing
  graph takes too much time (if video processing thread is still busy when new frames arrive from
  video source).
* The Video Processing Information tool is extended to report number of delayed or dropped video frames.
* Fixed the issue when application fails to load any plug-in modules, when started from a path containing
  Unicode characters.
* Fixed plug-ins' property editor so it handles Unicode characters used in string properties.
* Allowed usage of Unicode characters for naming and describing project objects.
* Updated script editor so it allows Unicode characters in code comments and in strings.
* Added support of Image Importing and Image Exporting plug-ins.
* Fixed the issue with restoring windows' position on a screen configured to be on the left side of the main desktop screen.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Lua Scripting Engine 1.0.1
    ~ Scripting engine fixes:
      # Added SCRIPTING_API_REVISION global variable, which reports API revision, so scripts could check it
        and raise an error if API revision does not match expectations. Current API revision is set to 2.
      # New APIs added:
        - Image:Clone() - clones an images.
        - Image:GetSubImage() - gets sub image of the specified size.
        - Image:PutImage() - puts an image into the specified image at the specified location.
        - Image:Release() - releases reference to the image, so it can be disposed.
        - Image:Release() - releases reference to the plug-in, so it can be disposed.
      # Added check for number of parameters to all exposed APIs - calls will fail if number of passed
        parameters is not equal to expected value.
      # Extended the list of registered Lua libraries to: table, math, os, string, io, bit32.

    ~ Lua Scripting plug-in fixes:
      # Added property which allows controlling frequency of forced Garbage Collection cycles.
      # Documented API of Image Importing and Image Exporting plug-ins.
      # Documented Host.Name() and Host.Version() APIs.
      # Applied fix to Lua library, so it is possible to load scripts from folders containing
        Unicode characters.

* Standard Image Processing 1.0.3
    ~ Enabled and documented "Grayscale To RGB" ("GrayscaleToRgb" for scripting) plug-in.


New modules added into the package:

* Added "JPEG Format Handler" module, which contains "JPEG Exporter" ("JpegExporter" for scripting) and
  "JPEG Importer" ("JpegImporter" for scripting) plug-ins.
* Added "PNG Format Handler" module, which contains "PNG Exporter" ("PngExporter" for scripting) and
  "PNG Importer" ("PngImporter" for scripting) plug-ins.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.2.0 release notes
-------------------------------------------
27.11.2015

Version updates and fixes:

* Added support for scripting engine plug-ins, which could run scripts interacting with the application.
* Added built-in scripts' editor.
* Extended plug-ins' help system, so it provides scripting information about plug-ins and their properties.
* Updated Camera Information dialog to show original frame size/format and the one after processing with
  a graph if those are different.
* Updated Camera Information dialog to show last error message happened in video source or during video
  processing.
* Fixed crash in VideoProcessingInfoDialog, which happens when a plug-in is missing for one of the video
  processing steps.
* Added CVSandbox Virtual Camera DirechShow filter, which adds a virtual camera into user's system. The
  camera can be used by different applications supporting DirectShow interface. Images into the camera can be
  pushed using a special plug-in provided with the Computer Vision Sandbox.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing module 1.0.2
    ~ Added Rotate Image plug-in, which rotates an image by the specified angle.

* Image Processing Effects 1.0.1
    ~ Added Vignetting plug-in, which creates vignetting effect - image gets darker or desaturated
      on its edges.
    ~ Added Grain plug-in, which adds vertical or horizontal grain to create effect of scratches on
      an old film.
    ~ Added Rotate Image Hue plug-in, which shifts (rotates) hue value by the specified value.
    ~ Added Emboss plug-in, which creates an emboss effect -  bright areas are raised and
      dark areas are carved.


New modules added into the package:

* Added Lua Scripting Engine module, which provides Lua scripting plug-in. Scripting samples are provided
  with the installation package (check installation folder).
* Added CVSandbox Virtual Camera modules, which provides plug-in to push images into virtual camera
  provided with the Computer Vision Sandbox application.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.1.1 release notes
-------------------------------------------
28.09.2015

Version updates and fixes:

* Added displaying of CPU load and total frame rate in application's status bar.
* Showing full path of camera/sandbox in the application window's title.
* Added favourite plug-ins' list into plug-in selection widget.
* Added Video Processing Information dialog, showing average time taken by each video processing step
  as well as total time taken by a graph. Available from cameras' context menu in sandbox view.
* Showing path of project objects in the lists of selected/available devices of sandbox when
  configuring sandbox.
* Enabled moving (by drag-n-drop) project objects in the project tree.
* Closing view of camera/sandbox if it is deleted while playing.
* Updating application's window title (name of the open object) on renaming project object while it is playing.


Updates and fixes for the modules included into the package:

* Standard Image Processing module 1.0.1
    ~ Renamed Gamma Correction plug-in to Brightness Correction, so it better reflects what it does.
    ~ Reworked both Brightness and Contrast correction plug-ins, so they have single "factor" property,
      which allows both to increase and decrease brightness/contrast depending on its value's sign (the
      "inverse" property was removed).



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.1.0 release notes
-------------------------------------------
06.07.2015

Version updates and fixes:

* Added Sandbox Wizard which allows to define video processing graph for every camera of a sandbox.
* Added interface to Image Processing and Video Processing plug-ins available through Sandbox Wizard.
* Added plug-ins' help system which allows to browse description of every plug-in, their properties
  add possible configuration values.



Computer Vision Sandbox 1.0.0 release notes
-------------------------------------------
27.04.2015

* The first public release of the application.
